Zapier (#1780)
enkidevs/curriculum: zapier/introduction/zapier-filtering/zapier-adding-filters.md

---
author: kapnobatai136

category: must-know

aspects:
  - introduction

type: normal

---

# Adding Filters

---
## Content

> So, let's say that in our case, we are only interested in the first 3 rows of the spreadsheet, or we are interested if their last name is `'Wick'` (you've seen what he can do when he is upset).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this insight, we'll take a close look at how we can add filters using more than one constraint.

In the previous lessons, we used as an example a filter step which ensures that we react only to spreadsheet row changes where their `Has Access?` column is `'Yes'`. 

To extend this example, say that we want to react only to _the first 3 rows of the spreadsheet_, or we to rows where the last name is `'Wick'` (you've seen what he can do when he is upset).
```

For this, our logic would look something like this:

> 1. `'Has Access?'` = `'Yes'` **and** `Row Number` < 4

Reviewer: btw is this possible? 

`'Has Access?'` = `'Yes'` **and** (`Row Number` < 4 **or** `'Last Name'` = `'Wick'`)

if not, make sure to mention that you cannot combine 3 constraints at the same time, but you'd have to do them in pairs (although this is not very scalable)

Author: you can only link `AND` conditions like this:

c1 AND c2 AND c3 AND ... c100
OR
c1 AND d1 AND d2 AND ... d100
